tell me everything I happened
the first time I visited death row I
wasn't expecting to meet somebody the
same age as me from my neighborhood just
like ours
could have been me mama but what you're
doing is gonna make a lot of people
upset you always taught me to fight for
the people who need the help most your
life is still meaningful and I'm gonna
do everything possible to keep them from
taking you all know what you into down
here now about them when you guilty from
the moment you're born God mr. McMillan
we done here mr. McMillan please I was
just about to give up when I got a call
from a Harvard lawyer looking to start a
legal Center for inmates on death row I
was in before he even offered me the job
buta lawyer yes ma'am thank you so much
for driving all the way out here most
lawyers barely make time to call I can't
believe you talked to all my people say
you want faithfully I did I mean a lot
you don't digging in those wounds you're
gonna be making a lot of people very
unhappy
when people care about the thing that
much tell me anything to get what they
want when I first learned about all this
it was like looking at a river full of
drowning people not having any way of
helping them
[Music]
the equipment loss that each of us is
more than the worst thing that we've
ever done I know what it's like to be in
the shadows
[Music]
who's my dad he did nothing wrong
it's never too late for justice
you know the one kid enough fight for me
if we can look at ourselves
we can change this world for the better
we all need grace
we all need mercy
I cannot shoot back you get your hair
tell him and ain't nobody gonna take
their folks
[Music]